Update TiFlash related info in quickstart page (#4797)
pingcap/docs: quick-start-with-tidb.md

6. Access the [TiDB Dashboard](/dashboard/dashboard-intro.md) at <http://127.0.0.1:2379/dashboard>. The default username is `root`, with an empty password.

> 7. Load data to TiFlash for analysing:

Reviewer: analysing -> analysis

Author: updated

> 7. Load data to TiFlash for analysis:
> 
>     - See also [Use TiFlash](/tiflash/use-tiflash.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. (Optional) [Load data to TiFlash](/tiflash/use-tiflash.md) for analysis.
```

    - [Deploy TiDB offline using TiUP](/production-offline-deployment-using-tiup.md)
    - [Deploy TiDB on Cloud using TiDB Operator](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb-in-kubernetes/v1.1)

> - If you look for analytics solution with TiFlash:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If you're looking for analytics solution with TiFlash:
```

    - [Use TiFlash](/tiflash/use-tiflash.md)

>     - [TiFlash Overfllow](/tiflash/tiflash-overview.md)

Author: ```suggestion
    - [TiFlash Overview](/tiflash/tiflash-overview.md)
```
